Add wasm-unsafe-eval to CSP (#16943)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy/index.md

For example, you can use this key to:

- Allow the extension to load scripts and objects from outside its package, by supplying their URL in the {{CSP("script-src")}} or {{CSP("object-src")}} directives.
- Allow the extension to execute inline scripts, by [supplying the hash of the script in the `script-src` directive](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/script-src#unsafe_inline_script).

> - Allow the extension to use `eval()` and similar features, by including `unsafe-eval` in the {{CSP("script-src")}} directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow the extension to use `eval()` and similar features, by including `'unsafe-eval'` in the {{CSP("script-src")}} directive.
```

- Restrict permitted sources for other types of content, such as images and stylesheets, using the appropriate [policy directive](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy).

> - Allow a Manifest V3 extension to take advantage of [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly) by including the `wasm-unsafe-eval` directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow the extension to take advantage of [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly) by including the `wasm-unsafe-eval` source in the `script-src` directive.
```

> - Allow the extension to take advantage of [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly) by including the `wasm-unsafe-eval` source in the `script-src` directive.

Author: ```suggestion
- Allow the extension to take advantage of [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly) by including the `'wasm-unsafe-eval'` source in the `script-src` directive.
```

} 
```

Enable the use of [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly):

**Manifest V2**

> Not applicable, use of WebAssembly is permitted by the [default CSP](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#default_content_security_policy).

Reviewer: The `wasm-unsafe-eval` directive is applicable to MV2 and MV3. It is recommended to use it if needed. It being part of the default CSP is just meant for backwards-compatibility. It may make sense to call out that it is included in the default CSP of MV2 extensions in Firefox for backwards-compatibility, but that it is still recommended to include it if the extension uses WebAssembly.

**Manifest V3**

```json
"content_security_policy": {

>   "extension_page": "wasm-unsafe-eval"

Reviewer: FYI this syntax is incorrect (as is the one that you used in the "default" CSP).

`script-src 'wasm-unsafe-eval'` would be the bare minimum.
This is however useless, since it doesn't allow regular scripts.
So in practice the most sensible minimum is

```
script-src 'self' 'wasm-unsafe-eval'
```

} 
```

Enable the use of [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly):

**Manifest V2**

> For backward compatibility, Manifest V2 extensions can use web assembly without the use of `'wasm-unsafe-eval'`. However, if the extension uses WebAssembly, the inclusion of `'wasm-unsafe-eval'` is recommended. See [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#webassembly) on the Content Security Policy page for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backward compatibility, Manifest V2 extensions can use WebAssembly without the use of `'wasm-unsafe-eval'`. However, if the extension uses WebAssembly, the inclusion of `'wasm-unsafe-eval'` is recommended. See [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#webassembly) on the Content Security Policy page for more information.
```

} 
```

Enable the use of [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/WebAssembly):

**Manifest V2**

> For backward compatibility, Manifest V2 extensions can use web assembly without the use of `wasm-unsafe-eval`. However, if the extension uses WebAssembly, inclusion of `wasm-unsafe-eval` is recommended. See [WebAssembly

Author: ```suggestion
For backward compatibility, Manifest V2 extensions can use web assembly without the use of `'wasm-unsafe-eval'`. However, if the extension uses WebAssembly, the inclusion of `'wasm-unsafe-eval'` is recommended. See [WebAssembly
```

> For backward compatibility, Manifest V2 extensions can use web assembly without the use of `wasm-unsafe-eval`. However, if the extension uses WebAssembly, inclusion of `wasm-unsafe-eval` is recommended. See [WebAssembly
> ](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#webassembly) on the Content Security Policy page for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
For backward compatibility, Manifest V2 extensions can use web assembly without the use of `'wasm-unsafe-eval'`. However, if the extension uses WebAssembly, the inclusion of `'wasm-unsafe-eval'` is recommended. See [WebAssembly](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy#webassembly) on the Content Security Policy page for more information.
```
